-Add overlay when loading a movie, similar to when loading an activity (reuse it) - the overlay should clearly say if activity/video is loading
-when compositing, estimated time to finish is not displayed; I expect the data are not passed from the backend compositing pipeline - investigate this
-when compositing, the progress bar is updated in unexpected way in very uneven increments; especially if update rate is not equal to 1/1. I assume this is because it determines the progress based on number of overlay frames rendered or something similar, but when update rate is not 1/1 the number of overlay frames is way smaller than the actual number of total/encoded frames. Investigate this and suggest options to fix this.
-Examine how estimate time for the rendering process is currectly calculated. Estimated time should be calculated using exponential weighing or moving average system from render+encode frame times, from cropped data (initial data should be ignored due to things like caching etc artifically prolonging the timing). This change applies for both transparent and composited overlays
-the RenderProgressPanel should also display current fps of the rendering process - not display fps, but fps at which we are producing the video - for both transparent and composite mode. This metric should be update dynamically as well, and should be calculated using the same method as estimated time (exponential weighing or moving average system from render+encode frame times)
-when compositing, the map route/elevation profile preview is not properly corrected for sync, it basically shows the first x-seconds of the ride (where x is length of the imported mp4), instead it should correspond to the period covered by the imported mp4. I think it might secretely applying the custom range period from the profile. This range should not be saved in the profile in the first place, so if that is the case - address this first. Then make sure custom range does not apply to preview with imported mp4.
